The story will be about dealing with anxiety, failure, self doubt and personality disorder.
The story will begin with the protagonist in a classroom daydreaming about a fantasy world where everything is according to his will. The protagonist is a high school boy, he isn’t sad or anything nor is he lonely, he tries to mask his emotions as much as possible but one day while returning from school he saw death of a stray cat and that’s when things started to spiral down.
 From that very night, he starts having visions of a world and some people in it which they call the “Whitespace”. Every day he tries approaching the people but does not get to as every time he is a bit closer the “dream” supposedly ends. He feels like the dream is getting longer everyday and after a week or so he is finally able to approach the people over there and gets to know their name. The game starts out in a pretty convenient way just like any other RPG, the initial quests are simple enough like fetch quests or helping other inhabitants of the mysterious “whitespace”. However, all hell will break loose when the party members start encountering monsters and a mysteriously personality who constantly lands them in trouble and makes their life worse. 
The game will be about the protagonist trying to maintain a balance between whitespace and real life, however the death of his close friend will push him to discover the secrets of the said mysterious place. The death will be caused by the mysterious personality in the whitespace but in the real world, it will make him question everything. The game will be roughly four hours long and in order to keep things interesting there will be four boss major boss fights during each hour, along with numerous other battles along the way. Later down the line it will be shown that the mysterious personality that have been haunting them was actually the other personality of the protagonist. The game will have three endings, each ending will explore a different theme about human nature and personality disorder.
